README.md, before:

# Bank Transaction Email Reader
The intention is of this project is to read emails comming from a bank regarding information of a transaction.

The ouput right now is an csv file delimited by pipes ("|") but the goal is to return a json with all the information so you can be able to use this on your mobile, desktop or web applications.

> Output Example:

    date|currency|amount|merchant|status|type|
    21/12/19 23:40|RD|91.12|None|Reversada|Compra
    21/12/19 23:40|RD|91.12|UBR* PENDING.UBER.COM|Aprobada|Compra
    21/12/19 20:32|RD|125.53|UBR* PENDING.UBER.COM|Aprobada|Compra


## The current supported banks are:
  - Banco BHD León (Dominican Republic)
  - Banco Vimenca (Dominican Republic) `(in progress)`

## The current supported email services are:
  - Gmail: Using the Google api with readonly permission


## Known TODO's:
  1. When running the main file, one parameter should be the user email to determine which mail service to use
  1. Rigth now it's only expecting multipart emails (threads) not single messages
  1. How to hanlde email credentials?
  1. How to handle email authentication token?
  1. Add Outlook Email service

## Known Issues:
  - Gmail autentication redirections says it's unsafe

## How to Execute:
  - You, as a developer, need a `credential.json` file provided by Gmail with the `readonly gmail api` activated. The file should be placed along side the `main.py` file. You can find instructions on how to get it from this [Quickstart Guide](https://developers.google.com/gmail/api/quickstart/python). It looks something like this:
  ```json
  {
    "installed": {
        "client_id": "the_cliente_id",
        "project_id": "the_project_id",
        "auth_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/auth",
        "token_uri": "https://oauth2.googleapis.com/token",
        "auth_provider_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs",
        "client_secret": "the_client_secret",
        "redirect_uris": [
            "urn:ietf:wg:oauth:2.0:oob",
            "http://localhost"
        ]
    }
  }
  ```
  - Install requirements: `python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`
  - After having that, all you need is run:
    - `python main.py bhdleon example@gmail.com`


## Make sure to checkout the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines.

Commit message:

update README base on recent changes

README.md, after:

# Bank Transaction Email Reader
The intention is of this project is to read emails comming from a bank regarding information of a transaction.

The ouput right now is an csv file delimited by pipes ("|") but the goal is to return a json with all the information so you can be able to use this on your mobile, desktop or web applications.

> Output Example:

    date|currency|amount|merchant|status|type|
    21/12/19 23:40|RD|91.12|None|Reversada|Compra
    21/12/19 23:40|RD|91.12|UBR* PENDING.UBER.COM|Aprobada|Compra
    21/12/19 20:32|RD|125.53|UBR* PENDING.UBER.COM|Aprobada|Compra


## The current supported banks are:
  - Banco BHD León (Dominican Republic)
  - Banco Vimenca (Dominican Republic) `(in progress)`

## The current supported email services are:
  - Gmail: Using the Google api with readonly permission


## Known TODO's:
  1. Determine which mail service to use base on the main parameter for the user email
  1. How to hanlde email credentials?
  1. How to handle email authentication token?
  1. Add Outlook Email service

## Known Issues:
  - Gmail autentication redirections says it's unsafe

## How to Execute:
  - Python versions that I can assure this work with: 
    >3.6.9
  - You, as a developer, need a `credential.json` file provided by Gmail with the `readonly gmail api` activated. The file should be placed along side the `main.py` file. You can find instructions on how to get it from this [Quickstart Guide](https://developers.google.com/gmail/api/quickstart/python). It looks something like this:
  ```json
  {
    "installed": {
        "client_id": "the_cliente_id",
        "project_id": "the_project_id",
        "auth_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/auth",
        "token_uri": "https://oauth2.googleapis.com/token",
        "auth_provider_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs",
        "client_secret": "the_client_secret",
        "redirect_uris": [
            "urn:ietf:wg:oauth:2.0:oob",
            "http://localhost"
        ]
    }
  }
  ```
  - Install requirements: `python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`
  - After having that, all you need is run:
    - `python main.py bhdleon example@gmail.com`


## Make sure to checkout the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines.
